Husband, this is really awesome
Don't keep stinking boy, you should be pissed off
If he could be pissed off
I'm relieved
Madam, contact
The chili merchant and the pepper merchant
How's it going?
It's all done
These mud legs heard it was you
All obedient
They all promised not to sell good materials to forestry
Not bad. Not bad.
He also got a bad nose at the Department of Justice today
Three-pronged approach, I don't believe he can handle it
Hmph, against my Wang Qianju
Just court death
Is Ah Quan's spicy sauce ready?
Supply is in short supply now
It must be arranged ASAP.
Boss, I really can't get through it
I don't know why.
Recently, the one who makes pepper and chili suddenly has something to do.
Can't come.
It's not that you have such a thing, why didn't you say it earlier?
I thought they were
Forget it. Forget it.
I still have something to go out first, haha.
Come back another time.
Hum oh oh oh boss Lin
I dare not send you prickly ash.
How come?
Wang chamomile is not allowed to sell you prickly ash
Whoever dares to sell it will mess with us
You can't beat him
You'd better go.
What am I going to do?
Isn't this Boss Lin?
What a coincidence that you are here too